Removed SDK installation instructions from React quickstart intro (#8285)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/spa/react/_includes/_centralized_login.md

This replaces the default content created by `create-react-app` and simply shows the `NavBar` component you created earlier.

:::panel Checkpoint

> At this point, you should be able to go through a complete authentication cycle, logging in and loggin out. Start the application from the terminal using `yarn start` and browse to http://localhost:3000 (if the application does not open automatically). From there, clicking the **Log in** button should redirect you to the Auth0 Login Page where you will be given the opportunity to log in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, you should be able to go through the complete authentication flow: logging in and logging out. Start the application from the terminal using `yarn start` and browse to [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) (if the application does not open automatically). From there, clicking the **Log in** button should redirect you to the Auth0 login page where you will be given the opportunity to log in.
```
